vmagent docs: mention VM Cloud where it can be helpful to a user (#6909)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/vmagent.md

monitoring infrastructure goes down.

This setup enhances the reliability of your monitoring solution by ensuring that you can still track 
the performance and state of `vmagent`s even during monitoring infrastructure outages. 
You can detect and react to growing queues or other issues promptly, reducing the risk of metrics loss. 
Just add appropriate alerting rules in VictoriaMetrics Cloud to notify you of any issues.

#### Configuring `vmagent` to send metrics to VictoriaMetrics Cloud

1. Create a [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](https://cloud.victoriametrics.com/signUp?utm_source=website&utm_campaign=docs_vm_vmagent_mom) account (it's free!)
1. Once registered, [create a new deployment](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics-cloud/quickstart/#creating-deployments) to which your `vmagent`s will send their metrics.
1. After setting up your deployment, note down the VictoriaMetrics Cloud URL and authentication token (we recommend using write-only token for this use case).
1. Configure `vmagent` to scrape its own metrics and send them to VictoriaMetrics Cloud: 
   1. Enable self-scraping:
     ```yaml
        ---

>         TBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scrape_configs:
  - job_name: 'vmagent'
    static_configs:
      - targets: ['localhost:8429']
```

> Note that if you're using multiple `vmagent` instances it is recommended to use [service discovery](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs/) to scrape metrics from all `vmagent` instances.

     ```

>    1. Send only `vmagent`'s metrics to VictoriaMetrics Cloud:
>      ```sh 
>         TBD
>      ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Send only `vmagent`'s metrics to VictoriaMetrics Cloud
   In order to do that you can use [relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/relabeling/) in order to control which metrics are being sent to [VictoriaMetrics Cloud](https://cloud.victoriametrics.com/signUp?utm_source=website&utm_campaign=docs_vm_vmagent_mom). Relabeling configuration will be (needs to be saved as `url_relabeling-1.yaml`):
     ```sh 
     - if: {job="vmagent"}
       action: keep_metrics
     ```
  Start `vmagent` with the following command-line flags: `-remoteWrite.bearerTokenFile=/{bearer_token_file_path}  -remoteWrite.url=http://{victoriametrics_endpoint},https://{region_endpoint}.cloud.victoriametrics.com/api/v1/write -remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig=,url_relabeling-1.yaml`
  This will configure the following:
  - `remoteWrite.bearerTokenFile` - authentication for for VictoriaMetrics Cloud
  - `remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig` - relabeling configuration to only push `vmagent`'s metrics to VictoriaMetrics Cloud
  - `remoteWrite.url` - endpoints to push the metrics
```

  its initialization for all the [service_discovery configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs/).
  It may be useful to perform `vmagent` rolling update without any scrape loss.

> ### Monitoring of monitoring using VictoriaMetrics Cloud

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure these docs are needed here. It is enough to mention possibility to integrate with Cloud and #VictoriaMetrics-Cloud-integration section below. The rest of the docs should reside in Cloud docs.
wdyt @tenmozes ?
